(soothing music)
- [Instructor] So let's take a look at one solution
to the challenge.
I hope you found it enjoyable.
In order to complete the challenge,
we needed to switch our item writer implementation.
Currently the implementation we have writes to a database,
and we wanted to write to a JSON file.
So, let's go ahead and remove the current configuration
of our item writer bean,
and then we're going to leverage a new object,
the JsonFile Item Writer builder.
And this will help us configure our new item writer,
which is capable of writing JSON
to a file on the file system.
Now when we construct the JSON File Item writer builder
using its constructor,
we need to supply a generic type argument
which is the type of the POJO
that we we would like to write to our JSON file.
And then from there, we have to supply
a JSON object marshaller.
In this case, we're going to be using
Spring's Jackson support.
And we'll use the Jackson JSON object marshaller.
So Jackson is a serialization
and deserialization framework for working with JSON in Java,
it's able to take a JSON string
and turn it into a Java object,
and a Java object can be turned into a JSON string
without much code being written.
And we're going to leverage that
within our new JSON file item writer.
It all comes out of the box with Spring.
The next thing we're going to do
is specify where we would like to write that JSON file.
So to do that, we use a file system resource
and we just need to use the constructor
that accepts a path to the file we'd like to write.
On my machine, I'm going to write it within
that data directory I've been using.
And I'm going to name
the file shipped_orders_output.json.
And then the final thing that we need to do
is give this item writer a name.
I'm just going to call it the jsonItemWriter,
and then from there, we can go ahead
and build our item writer.
Okay, so now we have our new item writer implementation
in place, it's capable of writing out a JSON file.
We just need to navigate to our terminal.
And then we're going to go ahead, kick off the job,
and once the job executes, we should have a JSON file
that is written on our file system.
So I'm going to hop into the File explorer
and on the root of my machine I have a data directory.
And then here we see the shipped_orders_output.json file
created by the job.
And there is all the information
that was previously in the table in our relational database
within a JSON file.